CHANGELOG for 0.73.0 release (#2731)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v0.73.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.73.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.73.0) releases where appropriate.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - [Add java zc options to linux installer script](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2718)
> - [Update installer script for generate_service_name option](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2730)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Added profiling and JVM metrics options to linux installer script for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2718)
- [Update installer script with option to generate service name with zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2730)
```

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove the reference to #2730 since it was just to address an issue from #2718.

Reviewer: Makes sense, we should update this to reflect this option as well then (Added profiling, JVM metrics and service name generation options for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps).

- [Build experimental linux arm64 agent-bundle](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2671)

> 

Reviewer: I believe we should add references to the addition of the zc options for Ansible, Puppet, Chef and Salt too.

Reviewer 2: How about something like:
```suggestion
- Added profiling and JVM metrics options for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps (Linux only):
  - [Installer script](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2718)
  - [Ansible v0.16.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2729)
  - [Chef v0.5.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2733)
  - [Puppet v0.9.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2734)
  - [Salt](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2735)
```

Reviewer: Nice, +1. Thanks Jeff!

## Unreleased

## v0.73.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.73.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.73.0) releases where appropriate.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡
- [Added profiling and JVM metrics options to linux installer script for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2718)

> - [Update installer script with option to generate service name with zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2730)

Reviewer 2: We can remove these 2 references to the installer script since they are included in the list below.

Author: done

## Unreleased

## v0.73.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.73.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.73.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.73.0) releases where appropriate.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡
- [Added profiling and JVM metrics options to linux installer script for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2718)
- [Update installer script with option to generate service name with zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2730)
- [Build experimental linux arm64 agent-bundle](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2671)

> - Added profiling and JVM metrics options for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps (Linux only):

Reviewer 2: Per @aunshc's suggestion: 
```suggestion
- Added profiling, JVM metrics, and service name generation options for zero configuration auto instrumentation of Java apps
```
